-: Welcome back.
In this section, we are going to understand
about Elastic Container Registry in combination with EKS .
So far, whatever the Docker images
we are pulling and then testing in this course
are from our Docker Hub repository.
So now, how we are going to use Elastic Container Registry
which is AWS' registry for our Docker images?
So we are going to build a Docker image locally
and then push it to container registry
and pull that from this ECR to EKS deployments,
whatever we are going to deploy.
So the entire use case we are going to test
in this respective section.
So moving on.
So let's get little bit background about
what is this Elastic Container Registry.
So ECR is a fully managed Docker container registry
that makes it easy for developers to store,
manage and deploy Docker container images.
ECR is integrated with elastic Kubernetes service,
simplifying our development to production workflow.
So, ECR eliminates the need
to operate our own container repositories
or worry about scaling the underlying infrastructure.
So, ECR hosts our images in a highly available
and then scalable architecture
allowing us to reliably deploy containers
for our applications.
Integration with AWS identity and access management
provides resource level control of each repository
for us accordingly how we need it.
With Amazon ECR, there are no upfront fees or commitments.
We pay only for the amount of data
we store in our repositories
and data transfer to the internet.
So moving on, Elastic Container Registry benefits, right?
So, on a very high level,
you can say it as fully managed, secure, highly available
and then simplified workflow.
So, how easier is going to work?
So let's say, I am a Docker developer
or whatever maybe the developer I am trying to,
I created a Docker image.
And then, I am going to push you
to the Docker image related Elastic Container Registry.
So usually, in regular days,
we usually push it to our Docker Hub repository,
which is open.
But if you are dealing with AWS
and then if you want our things
to be from AWS perspective only,
and then we don't want our things to go outside the AWS,
so then, we can push our Docker images
to Elastic Container Registry in AWS.
Then this ECR images, whatever we push here,
can be used in different places.
One is Elastic Container Service, which is ECS
and Elastic Kubernetes Service,
which is this course about.
And also, On-premise environments if you want to.
So how it is going to happen, right?
So, these respective services...
Whatever the deployments you perform
in these respective services,
so those are going to pull the images
from this Elastic Container Registry
using a repository URL, whatever it provides.
So, that's about how the easier works.
But how we are going to do it
on Elastic Kubernetes Service in a visual manner?
We are going to see.
Before that, we'll go back to our GitHub repository.
And now if you see here, in AWS EKS Kubernetes master class,
so we are in our 10th section,
which is ECR, Elastic Container Registry Section
and EKS, right?
So in step one, we are going to understand
about what are we going to learn.
So, we are going to build a Docker image
locally on our desktop and push it to ECR repository.
So update the ECR image repository,
URL in our Kubernetes deployment manifest.
And then, we are going to deploy to EKS, okay?
So, when we deploy it, right?
So it is going to create a Kubernetes deployment,
node port service, ingress service,
and then external DNS service will be used.
So full on deployment we are going to do
because the current node, whatever current node group,
whatever we are going to use is a private node group,
which means you cannot just deploy a node port service
with the node port service and then access it via internet.
So that's the reason.
We'll also use the ingress service to be deployed
and then we'll test it.
So, we are also going to use a dedicated host name,
ecrdemo.couponcloud.com.
And then, we'll access and then test it.
So let's go back and then see whatever we are going to do
all these things in a visual manner.
So, let's go here.
And in AWS cloud,
as a developer, I create a Docker image
and then push it to Elastic Container Registry.
And from EKS cluster perspective,
whenever we create a EKS cluster,
it creates its own VPC's public subnets
and then, NAT gateways in,
respective availability zones, even the private subnets.
So the manager node group, which we are going to use
is a private management node group.
Means like we are going to create in a private subnets.
So as soon as we create that node group,
it enables the communication with the EKS cluster
using the NAT gateways deployed in public subnets.
So now, these EC2 worker nodes
are the nodes where you are going to deploy
your workload on Kubernetes, right?
So these goes outbound connection to EKS cluster
by a NAT gateway.
In the same way, if it need to pull the Docker image.
So, you have done a deployment now.
and then to pull that Docker image, right?
For that deployment, it need to go via NAT gateways
and then go and then pull that docker image from ECR.
So, and then create the respective ports for us.
In addition to that,
equivalent ECR demo related node port service
and LB ingress service will get created.
So as part of LB ingress service,
it also need to reference the certificate
from certificate manager
and also it need to register the ecrdemo.q1cloud.com
inside the route 53 service, right?
So, that's about it.
Finally, as users, whenever you are planning to access,
you provide your URL, ecr.demo.kubeoncloud.com
and it comes to via route 53.
Means, like it'll resolve to route 53
and then come back to our LB ingress service.
And then from there,
we already provided the slash star as the thing
so path for our routing.
So automatically, it will come to this node port service
and go to this respective ECR demo port,
and then saru the static page,
whatever we have deployed.
So that's about the overall introductory section.
So, I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.